---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "loadmaster_virtual_service Resource - terraform-provider-loadmaster"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a resource for Virtual Services. Use this to create and manage Virtual Services in the KEMP LoadMaster.
---

# loadmaster_virtual_service (Resource)

Provides a resource for Virtual Services. Use this to create and manage Virtual Services in the KEMP LoadMaster.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "loadmaster_virtual_service" "foo" {
  address  = "192.168.1.10"
  protocol = "tcp"
  port     = "8080"
  nickname = "bar"
  type     = "gen"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `address` (String) The IP address of the Virtual Service.
- `port` (String) The port for the Virtual Service.
- `protocol` (String) The protocol to be used for the Virtual Service.

### Optional

- `checkcodes` (String) A space-separated list of HTTP status codes that should be treated as successful when received from the Real Server
- `checkport` (String) The port to be checked. If a port is not specified, the Real Server port is used. Specify 0 to unset CheckPort.
- `checktype` (String) Specify which protocol is to be used to check the health of the Real Server. (icmp, https, http, tcp, smtp, nntp, ftp, telnet, pop3, imap, rdp, bdata, ldap or none).
- `checkurl` (String) When checktype is set to http or https - by default, the health checker tries to access the URL / to determine if the machine is available. A different URL can be set in the checkurl parameter. When the checktype is set to bdata: Specify a hexadecimal string to send to the Real Server.
- `defaultgw` (String) Specify the Virtual Service-specific default gateway to be used and to send responses back to clients. If not set, the global default gateway will be used
- `enable` (Boolean) Enable or disable the virtual server.
- `layer` (Number) Network Layer for the service to run at (7 or 4).
- `nickname` (String) Specifies the "friendly" name of the service.
- `type` (String) Specifies the type of service being load balanced (gen, http, http2, ts, tls, or log).

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
